Value Sensitive Design Assignment #2 (submit with your final project)
[General]
1.         Briefly describe the website you are building (its purpose/functionality/etc.)
 
We are building a movie website which users can use to find their interested movies and interact with others. To be specific, users can create their accounts, search movies, like, rate, comment, and bookmark movies. One user can also see other user’s page as well, such as a list of their favorite movies.
 
2.         What problem is your website meant to solve? (If your website wasn’t intended to solve a problem, instead answer the following: what problem or problems could a website like yours solve?)
 
Our website could solve problems like retrieving specific movie data from a movie API as requested by users and saving the added ratings and comments of movies into our own database.
 
 
3.         Identify the stakeholders (direct and indirect) whose interests are relevant to your website.


Direct: users/employees (like us developers)
Indirect: movie API service
 
4.         What values are at stake for these stakeholders?
 
For users, user data privacy and the right functionality that our website are able to deliver are the top two most important values.
For developers, the correct functionality of the website would the highest value.
For the movie API service, the good response received from our website would be important.
 
5.         Is your website likely to undermine or compromise any of these values? Which ones, for which stakeholders, and how?
 
Our website doesn’t compromise any of the values and do a good job for counting all the values of stakeholders into consideration.
 
6.         Which values does your website promote, for which stakeholders, and how?
 
For example, for general users, one user can only view another user’s favorite movies, but no private information such as email address. Additionally, neither editing profile info nor deleting movies can be performed by another user.
 
7.         What counts as “success” for the website you are building? Given the relevant problem(s), stakeholders, and values that are at play, why is this account of success reasonable?
 
For users, keeping their data private and editable as they like, search/comment/like as they like would be the “success”.
 
For developers, the good implementation of all the functionality of the website.
 
For the movie API service, positive feedback when fetching the data.
 
8.         How does the broader social context surrounding your website affect the likelihood it will succeed?
 
The quality of the movie API service definitely plays the most important role in affecting the likelihood of the success of our website. For example, the accuracy of the search result will greatly affect how satisfies users would be by using our website.
 
[Privacy]
9.         What user data will you have access to, and what might this data reveal about its subjects?                      
 
We’ll have access to users’ registered usernames, emails, passwords, locations, bios, movie collections, reviews, and articles. These users’ data may reveal about users’ interests on movies, the behavior pattern on leaving a review or writing an article about certain kinds of movies, location distribution of users etc.
 
 
10.  What values are relevant to your website’s privacy policy? (Note that the relevant values will depend in part on the kind of website you are building).
 
Most importantly, users’ data privacy
 
11.  Describe how you took the relevant values into account in writing your privacy policy (e.g., what decisions and tradeoffs were made, and why).
 
Users’ data privacy is the most important thing, and we keep it safe.
We use the information we collect or receive for the following reasons:
* To facilitate account creation and logon process.
* Request feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Website.
* To enable user-to-user communications. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user’s consent.
* To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purpose of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
* To protect our Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure.
* To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
 
[Autonomy]
12.  In what ways might your user interface “nudge” users? Analyze a minimum of 3 features.
 
* Home page shows the most popular movies, which will attract users to click to look at details.
* Search page shows the upcoming movies, which also attract users to dig into details information.
* Log in/sign up is required since movie articles written by invited reviewers can only been seen by signed in users, not for guests.
 
13.  Do any of these constitute “dark patterns”? For each previously identified feature, explain why it does or does not.
 
* For home page showing the most popular movies and search page showing the upcoming movies shouldn’t be counted as “dark patterns” since whatever movies that users choose, the operations of our website won’t be affected.
* Log in/sign up is required to see reviewers’ article could be counted as “dark pattern” since the purpose is that we would like more signed up users to get involved and more contents can be shown exclusively to them as well.